README.md, before:

# Senior Project 2016
## So it's finally here. **Senior project.**


## Get started
- Read the [Senior Project Presentation Minutes](https://github.com/bitsoc/seniorproject-2016/tree/master/outline.md)
- Check out the [Senior Project Timeline](https://github.com/bitsoc/seniorproject-2016/tree/master/timeline.md)
- [Add your student profile](https://github.com/bitsoc/seniorproject-2016/tree/master/profiles)
  - You'll need it for your web site anyway, right?
- [Post some project ideas](https://github.com/bitsoc/seniorproject-2016/tree/master/ideas)
  - Put up your ideas and start conversations! Make issues and comments and changes. Make ideas better, or make better ideas!
- [Post your project and get started](https://github.com/bitsoc/seniorproject-2016/tree/master/projects)
  - Put it up as a promise to start getting work done!

### Chat it up using [Instant Messaging for Github](gitter.im/bitsoc)
- Be silly, have fun
- Hang out with people in senior project
- Talk about ideas!

### Turn projects into boss monsters in a [BITSoc guild on HabitRPG](https://habitrpg.com/#/options/groups/guilds/8f986218-c1eb-4fe7-a4a7-07ea88fe5895)
- Shoot Aaron a message or something! I'm not sure exactly how it works yet.

## Research Professors

>### Anthony Whitehead
http://iv.csit.carleton.ca/~awhitehe/
Open to any type of project

<hr/>

>### Ali Arya
Particular preference for games and interactive installations

<hr/>

>### Audrey Girouard
[...HCI, Interfaces]

<hr/>

>### Chris Joslin
Animations

<hr/>


# Why GitHub?

Github is made to be social and collaborative, and centered around projects! By putting ourselves and our projects here, we can learn to use github, practice social development, get feedback from each other, and pass our experience on to future senior projects. I think that sounds nice!

# But what do I *do*?

If you've got a project already, post an overview of your project in the projects folder! If you've got a repository for that, link it in yo!

If you've got ideas, post them in the ideas section. People can comment on commits, edit changes, and do other stuff to help you work it out!

If you're trying to take the professors' advice and give everyone a chance in order to find the right group, post a little about yourself in the profiles section. Maybe it's weird, but would could be cool!

Commit message:

Learn to fork-pull if you're the hungry type!

README.md, after:

# Senior Project 2016
## So it's finally here. **Senior project.**


## Get started
- Read the [Senior Project Presentation Minutes](https://github.com/bitsoc/seniorproject-2016/tree/master/outline.md)
- Check out the [Senior Project Timeline](https://github.com/bitsoc/seniorproject-2016/tree/master/timeline.md)

#### Make changes
If you want to make changes you can contact someone for an invite, but the smoothest way is probably a pull request! You can fork the repository and submit one. Then we'll know your username and we can invite you to join. Good Git practice, too! (:
- [Add your student profile](https://github.com/bitsoc/seniorproject-2016/tree/master/profiles)
  - You'll need it for your web site anyway, right?
- [Post some project ideas](https://github.com/bitsoc/seniorproject-2016/tree/master/ideas)
  - Put up your ideas and start conversations! Make issues and comments and changes. Make ideas better, or make better ideas!
- [Post your project and get started](https://github.com/bitsoc/seniorproject-2016/tree/master/projects)
  - Put it up as a promise to start getting work done!

### Chat it up using [Instant Messaging for Github](gitter.im/bitsoc)
- Be silly, have fun
- Hang out with people in senior project
- Talk about ideas!

### Turn projects into boss monsters in a [BITSoc guild on HabitRPG](https://habitrpg.com/#/options/groups/guilds/8f986218-c1eb-4fe7-a4a7-07ea88fe5895)
- Shoot Aaron a message or something! I'm not sure exactly how it works yet.

## Research Professors

>### Anthony Whitehead
http://iv.csit.carleton.ca/~awhitehe/
Open to any type of project

<hr/>

>### Ali Arya
Particular preference for games and interactive installations

<hr/>

>### Audrey Girouard
[...HCI, Interfaces]

<hr/>

>### Chris Joslin
Animations

<hr/>


# Why GitHub?

Github is made to be social and collaborative, and centered around projects! By putting ourselves and our projects here, we can learn to use github, practice social development, get feedback from each other, and pass our experience on to future senior projects. I think that sounds nice!

# But what do I *do*?

If you've got a project already, post an overview of your project in the projects folder! If you've got a repository for that, link it in yo!

If you've got ideas, post them in the ideas section. People can comment on commits, edit changes, and do other stuff to help you work it out!

If you're trying to take the professors' advice and give everyone a chance in order to find the right group, post a little about yourself in the profiles section. Maybe it's weird, but would could be cool!
